{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 TooDeep Community Guidelines\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
TooDeep allows users that are dealing with depression and anxiety to share their thoughts and feelings anonymously via audio recording.\
\
To keep our community safe, please follow these rules or your account will be terminated immediately. These guidelines are intended to keep people safe, protect members, keep TooDeep running, and to encourage personal responsibility for what you do on TooDeep.
\fs20 \

\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri380\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 1.	No bullying: Hate speech targeted towards any group of people will be removed from our services. This includes hateful speech on the basis of gender, sexuality, race, religion and ethnicity. Don\'92t defame, impersonate, or abuse another person. We do not tolerate any type of bullying abuse, whether that\'92s emotional, mental and so on.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri380\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 2.	Do not use TooDeep to engage in or promote illegal behavior such as selling controlled substances or solicitation. If you solicit minors for any reason or post sexually explicit audio recordings of minors, we will suspend your account and report you to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. Do not make threats of violence; we may share your IP address, location, and other information with law enforcement if we think you have made a threat to the safety of others. We can be required by law to disclose your information if we receive a subpoena, court order, or search warrant.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri380\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 3.	You won\'92t post inappropriate content, including graphic self-harm, suicidal means or descriptions of suicidal actions, audio recordings containing self-harm or other explicit content.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri380\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 4.	You will not use TooDeep as a dating service.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri380\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 5.	Don\'92t mess with TooDeep. You agree not to interrupt the service of TooDeep. You will not upload viruses or other malicious code.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri380\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 6.	If you notice any user acting in violation of these rules please report this immediately to nezzhq@gmail.com.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri380\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl360\sa450\partightenfactor0
\cf0 We actively moderate the service and ban users who violate these rules. We reserve the right to suspend accounts or remove content for violating these guidelines or for any reason, but particularly to protect our users and community.\
We treat references to self-harm and eating disorders seriously. Any posts glorifying these issues will be deleted. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0
\cf0 If you get questions that make you feel uncomfortable, please ignore them or report them to the system administrators. Please do not engage in conversations with people that make you feel uncomfortable in any way.\
\
If you are harassed in any way, please report it to our system administrators or other appropriate authorities immediately.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl360\sa450\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Thanks for using TooDeep and being a part of our Community.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \

\fs24 \
}