{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-BoldItalic;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f5\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 TERMS and SERVICES (EULA) \'96 Nezz Inc (Deep)
\f1\b0\fs22 \

\f0\b\fs24 :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
\f1\b0\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b\fs24 \cf0 End-User License Agreement (EULA) of Nezz Inc\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\partightenfactor0

\f3\i0\b0 \cf0 Updated March 31\super st\nosupersub , 2019
\f1\fs22 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 Welcome to Deep an online peer-to-peer support social network where people can share thoughts and feelings, without identities via audio content.
\f4\fs22  \

\f3\fs24 The platform also gives the user the opportunity to comment or reply (via audio) to content uploaded by other users (including offering advice, making suggestions, creating discussion) 
\f4\fs22 where
\f3\fs24  necessary. Deep is not a crisis support service and we cannot support users who are suicidal. 
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 Deep is owned and operated by Nezz Inc. \
The following is the End User License Agreement (EULA) for the Deep app, available for download on mobile devices and tablets at the Android and iOS stores. 
\f1\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 GENERAL
\f1\b0\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you (\'93user\'94, \'93member\'94, \'93end user\'94) and Nezz Inc  ( \'93we\'94, \'93us\'94, \'93our company\'94, \'93Nezz Inc\'94).This EULA agreement governs your acquisition and use of our 
\f4\fs22 Deep
\f3\fs24  software ("Software") directly from Nezz Inc or indirectly through a Nezz Inc authorized reseller or distributor (a "Reseller"). Please read this EULA agreement carefully before completing the installation process and using the 
\f4\fs22 Deep
\f3\fs24  app. It provides a license to use the 
\f4\fs22 Deep
\f3\fs24  software and contains warranty information and liability disclaimers. The terms and conditions as presented here are subject to changes and amendments by us without a prior notification to you. You agree to not transfer your right, or obligation under the terms without our consent. 
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 Whether or not you register for on 
\f4\fs22 Deep
\f3\fs24 , this EULA agreement will also govern that trial. By clicking "accept" or installing and/or using the 
\f4\fs22 Deep
\f3\fs24 \'92s software, you are confirming your acceptance of the Software and agreeing to become bound by the terms of this EULA agreement.
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 If you are entering into this EULA agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity and its affiliates to these terms and conditions. If you do not have such authority or if you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this EULA agreement, do not install or use the Software, and you must not accept this EULA agreement. This EULA agreement shall apply only to the Software supplied by Nezz Inc herewith regardless of whether other software is referred to or described herein. The terms apply to any Nezz Inc updates, supplements, Internet-based services, and support services for the Software.
\f1\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 PRIVACY POLICY
\f1\b0\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf0 Deep
\f3\fs24  is determined to protect the information you supply on the platform. We are devoted to ensuring your privacy remains private. All information made available by you during the creation of your account are subject to our Privacy and Cookies policy. You, however, agree that all information you supply is made available in the public domain, we do not accept responsibility for any information shared on your profile by you or any third party whatsoever.
\f1\fs22 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 USER CONTENT AND CONDUCT\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf0 Deep
\f3\fs24  is not a crisis support service and we cannot support users who are suicidal.\
Do not use the services for emergency medical needs. If you experience a medical emergency, call 911. \
If you are in a life-threatening situation, feel that you are a danger to yourself or others, or are having thoughts of suicide, please call the 24-hr National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1.800.273.8255 and notify the relevant authorities. Your call will be routed to the crisis center near you. If your issue is an emergency, call 911 immediately or go to your nearest emergency room.\
As much as we encourage you to maximize the features of the app in uploading content, you agree that any User Content you post is either yours or you have obtained the necessary permission from the relevant third party to Post the Content. You are solely responsible for all User Content that you Post and we accept no responsibility for losses, costs, charges, expenses or damages of any kind you may incur by your post. By Posting User Content during your use of the Services, you grant us an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty free, transferable license (together with the right to sub-license) to use, copy, translate, reformat, prepare derivative works from, incorporate into other works, excerpt, to distribute, to publicly display, in whole or in part, the User Content for the provision, delivery and promotion of our Services. 
\f1\fs22 \

\f4 Deep
\f3\fs24  actively monitor\'92s User Content Posted via the Service and we reserve the right to remove any User Content that is Posted and is deemed by us in our reasonable opinion, or has been notified to us as Inappropriate Content. Inappropriate content includes content;  
\f1\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 that is offensive, indecent, objectionable, tasteless, harmful, hateful, threatening, unlawful, defamatory, infringing, abusive, inflammatory, harassing, vulgar, obscene, fraudulent, invasive of privacy, or publicity or human or personal rights, or any content that is racially, ethically, sexually, politically or otherwise humanly unacceptable; 
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 that is a form of disrespectful solicitation, including but not limited to, spam, junk mail, pyramid scheme, Ponzi scheme or any other form considered an inducement to engage in financial activity; 
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 that contains private information of any third party, including but not limited to contact, financial, or other personal details of persons living or deceased; 
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 that you do not have the right to Post or make available in any way under any applicable law or contractual or fiduciary relationships, including but not limited to inside information, proprietary information, confidential information learned or disclosed, as part of employment or 
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 Of business relationships or under non-disclosure agreements; 
\f5 \uc0\u8658 
\f3  Content that contains software code of any kind without our express consent; 
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offence, terrorist act or any other illegal or criminal activity; 
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 that, in our sole and reasonable opinion is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Services;
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 that, in our sole and reasonable opinion may expose us, or any of our users, to any harm or liability of any kind; or 
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 that may disrupt other users' capacity to remember effectively. Although we actively monitor and may pre-screen some User Content, Inappropriate Content may not come to, or be brought to our attention immediately. You acknowledge and represent that by using the Services, you may be exposed to Inappropriate Content. We accept no liability in any way for any Inappropriate Content Posted and available via the Services. We reserve the right (but not the obligation) in our sole discretion to refuse, move or delete any User Content we consider Inappropriate Content that is brought to our attention and breaches these Terms. 
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 We do not guarantee the accuracy, or integrity or quality of any User Content uploaded by other users. You represent and warrant that the User Content which you post and your use of the Services shall not:
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 Breach, violate or infringe in any way upon the intellectual property rights of any third party;
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 Cause harm to minors in any way; 
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 Intimidate, stalk, mock, lambast, scare, pervert, or otherwise harass another individual; 
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 Be used to intentionally or unintentionally contravene or in any way not comply with regional, national and international law; 
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 Be used to forge headers or otherwise manipulate any content transmitted through the Service in order to disguise its origin; 
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 Overburden, damage or impair the operation of the App, Website or the Services; 
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 Be used as a forwarding service to another website; 
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 Harvest or collect email addresses or other personal information from other users for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to sending unsolicited emails or messages; 
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 Be used to register for more than a small number of Accounts; 
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 Be used to register for an Account for anyone other than yourself; or
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 Be used to register for an account for which you falsely state personal information or otherwise misinterpret yourself. 
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 You must not misuse our Services by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorized access to our Services or any server, computer or database connected to our Services. Such actions are enforceable under the law and may lead to a provision of your personal information to relevant authorities for any legal or court proceedings that may result from your actions. Thereafter, your account, profile and other components of our service offered within or outside the app will be terminated without revocability. You acknowledge and agree that we may preserve User Content and may also disclose User Content if required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: 
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 Comply with legal process; 
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 Enforce the Terms; 
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 Respond to claims that any User Content violates the rights of third parties; or 
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 Protect the rights, property, or personal safety of our users, the general public and us. 
\f1\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \
MINORS
\f1\b0\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 By using this app, you agree to have met the age limit of 17 years, including providing correct and verifiable information.  \
The Children\'92s Online Privacy Protection Act (\'93COPPA\'94) requires that online service providers obtain parental consent before the knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children who are under 13. We do not knot knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from children under 17; if you are a child under 17, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn we have collected personal information from a child under 17, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 17 may have provided us personal information, please contact us at nezzhq@gmail.com\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Registration & Account\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0 \cf0 The free (or trial) version of the Services can be used completely free of charge. This includes basic browsing and listening of content without logging in or signing up. To record, post, leave a comment; overall to participate in 
\f4\fs22 Deep
\f3\fs24 , you must create an account that includes a valid email address, username and password. It is completely free to join 
\f4\fs22 Deep
\f3\fs24 . \
Follow our Guidelines: You will at all times whole using our site or our app comply with out Guidelines for Use (which will be made available to you on our site and our app and may be updated by us from time to time) and will ensure that any post or other communication is compliant with these Guidelines for Use. \
Do not share your phone numbers, home addresses, email addresses or other personal information on the public areas of our site or our app.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 THIRD PARTY LINKS AND PLATFORM
\f1\b0\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 During your use of our service, you may find links to content or materials published on other websites (\'93external source\'94). We, however, do not monitor or own these websites or take notice of the content in the links. Nezz Inc is not responsible for any information or content on these sites which are not part of your agreement with us. In other words, we do not sponsor or endorse, neither do we assure accuracy, credibility, reliability, integrity or validity of the content on these websites or the availability of these content.
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 The use of our service as offered by the app may involve using third party platforms like Google, Twitter, and Facebook. All actions involving sharing or publishing content via third party platforms is governed by the terms present in those platforms. You hereby, agree to comply with the terms, conditions, and policy that govern these platforms.
\f1\fs22 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 LICENSE GRANT
\f1\b0\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 Nezz Inc hereby grants you a personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive license to use the 
\f4\fs22 Deep
\f3\fs24  app on your devices in accordance with the terms of this EULA agreement.
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 You are permitted to use the 
\f4\fs22 Deep
\f3\fs24  software ( for example on an android, iPhone, iPad or tablet) under your control. You are responsible for ensuring your device meets the minimum requirements of the 
\f4\fs22 Deep
\f3\fs24  software.
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 You are not permitted to:
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 Edit, alter, modify, adapt, translate or otherwise change the whole or any part of the Software nor permit the whole or any part of the Software to be combined with or become incorporated in any other software, nor decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer the Software or attempt to do any such things
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 Reproduce, copy, distribute, resell or otherwise use the Software for any commercial purpose
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 Allow any third party to use the Software on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 Use the Software in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 Use the Software for any purpose that Nezz Inc considers is a breach of this EULA agreement
\f1\fs22 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND OWNERSHIP
\f1\b0\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 Nezz Inc shall at all times retain ownership of the Software as originally downloaded by you and all subsequent downloads of the Software by you. The Software (and the copyright, and other intellectual property rights of whatever nature in the Software, including any modifications made thereto) are and shall remain the property of Nezz Inc.
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 Other than as stated in this EULA, you are not permitted to display, distribute, copy decompile, reduce to readable form, reproduce, process, translate, sell, lend, rent, reverse engineer, combine with other components or software, process, or create derivatives of this app or content offered by our service (except created by you). You are not allowed to make available online, either via a website or a domain name, a trademark or logo any content, including images, logos, trademarks that belong to 
\f4\fs22 Deep
\f3\fs24 . Nezz Inc reserves the right to grant licenses to use the Software to third parties.
\f1\fs22 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 TERMINATION
\f1\b0\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 This EULA agreement is effective from the date you first use the Software and shall continue until terminated. You are free to terminate, at any time the use of services upon written notice to Nezz Inc. We reserve the right to issue you a notice of such termination and block your access to and use of the service as stated in this EULA.
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 It will also terminate immediately if you fail to comply with any term of this EULA agreement. Upon such termination, the licenses granted by this EULA agreement will immediately terminate and you agree to stop all access and use of the Software. The provisions that by their nature continue and survive will survive any termination of this EULA agreement.
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 Upon termination of this terms, you agree irrevocably to discontinue your use of this software and its services, including the service offered by our website. In event of termination, we reserve the right to use the content you provided during the use of our service prior to termination.
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 For more information regarding termination of your account and the removal of your personal details, you may refer to our Privacy Policy.
\f1\fs22 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 DISCLAIMER
\f1\b0\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 This service only serves to provide a platform for broadcast of messages and information or content, in whatsoever form or genre (including musical, poetry, speech, advice) by end users. This functionality may allow the app to be used for a huge variety of purposes. 
\f4\fs22 Deep
\f3\fs24  do not make any assurances for the quality of information and content you may come across during your use of the app. We continually ensure that all information do meet our criteria and do not make further promises as stated in the user conduct section. 
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 You are advised to conduct your research, make investigations and come to personal conclusions on contents (as uploaded by other users) you find uncomfortable with. The service is provided on an \'93as is\'94 basis. 
\f1\fs22 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 GOVERNING LAW
\f1\b0\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 This EULA agreement, and any dispute arising out of or in connection with this EULA agreement, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the courts in the state of New York, United States, excluding any conflict of laws due to your location or place, which would result in the application of the laws contrary to the laws of the US. 
\f1\fs22 \

\f3\fs24 The courts of New York possess total jurisdiction over any conflict, disputes or disagreements that may arise in connection with the use of our Services as regards to applicability, validity, performance and interpretation of these terms. You hereby, waive the right to object the personal jurisdiction of the courts in New York, United States.
\f1\fs22 \
\
}